Docs Sentry Issues and Comments Relations (#269)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/webhook/examples/sentry.md

   2. `Webhook URL` - enter the value of the `url` key you received after creating the webhook configuration;
   3. `Overview` - enter a description for the webhook;
   4. `Permissions` - Grant your webhook **Read** permissions for the **Issue & Event** category;
   5. `Webhooks` - Under this section, enable the issues checkbox to allow Sentry to report issue events to Port;
7. Click **Save Changes** at the bottom of the page.

:::tip
Now that the webhook is created, you can take the secret value generated by Sentry and use it to update the `security` object in your Port webhook configuration
:::

> ## Relation example

Reviewer: I think it's better to change the title to `Relate comments to Issues` wdyt?

Author: That sounds great.

> The following example adds a `comment` blueprint, in addition to the `issues` blueprint shown in the previous example. In addition, it also adds a `sentryIssuesEvent` relation. The webhook will create or update the relation between the 2 existing entities, allowing you to map which issue a comment is made on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example adds a `sentryComment` blueprint, in addition to the `sentryIssue` blueprint shown in the previous example. In addition, it also adds a `sentryIssue` relation. The webhook will create or update the relation between the 2 existing entities, allowing you to map which issue a comment is made on:
```

<details>

> <summary>Sentry comments blueprint (including the sentryIssuesEvent relation)</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Sentry comments blueprint (including the sentryIssue relation)</summary>
```
